@samosale the initial bgs are loading fast when i click the change bg button BUT while playing, it changes the bgs and freezes the browser for a moment which troubles the game play. And these bgs which changes during playing is still SLOWWWW... 
@samosale Just noticed, if I double click the simon buttons to quickly solve it, it doesn't make any sounds but registers it as two clicks on the button. So from a user's perspective, the double click didn't work twice and when click on it once more, then the play is invalid.
samosale 22:43
ok i will fix that, I must go now, Tell me if there are more bugs. tnx!
camperbot 22:43
if you want to thank someone, put an @ before their name!
abhisekp 22:46
@samosale sometimes, the buttons don't highlight properly (primarily the green and yellow buttons). So I have depend on my brain's sound storing and memory capability to recall the pattern. No VISUAL memory working. 
@samosale if I double clicked in a previous attempt to solve it and failed, then in the next attempts, there are more sounds than the number of patterns.
@samosale btw, you could've pushed it to github and I could have opened some issues with these bugs and feature enhancements.
@samosale even if you don't push it to github, at least create a repo so that i can post the issues.
NOTE: I won't do it for the issues i've reported earlier. You've to do it manually. 
abhisekp 22:55
@samosale Check my gameplay 
I'm only using my auditory sense and memory to solve it.
NO or LIMITED visual sensory usage because of the bad highlighting while initiating the playing.  

 NOTE: in the 15th gameplay (after 14th), while initiating the pattern, it doesn't highlight the YELLOW btn properly.
@samosale btw, #perfmatters
abhisekp 23:00
@samosale I'm not going to look it any more. Maybe @SaintPeter will.
OK. After all the criticism, I  your game. 
It's awesome to play. Nice! 
SaintPeter 23:02
@samosale Wow, fancy shmancy!
@samosale I don't think I have much more to say than what @abhisekp has already said. It does seem a bit dark, yet.
abhisekp 23:08
@samosale I was playing this awesome Simon game but multiple button presses before initiating a pattern gives weird initiation patterns.

@samosale @SaintPeter Just scored 18 using auditory senses and memory. Limited Visual memory usage.

abhisekp 23:14
@samosale What's the max. number of retries? 3 initially, then later 5 is a good number when score increases past 20 or 25. 
@samosale I just scored 20 and won the game. But it's not a good idea to show it in an alert box. Show it in a modal dialog.

Also it should update my score and then show that alert (or modal dialog) about winning.
abhisekp 23:21
@samosale there must be some delay between one pattern trial i made and another pattern initiation.
EngineeredEdge 23:25
hola everyone
abhisekp 23:29
@samosale Deep respect to my maker for my auditory senses. Just scored 23. Check the gameplay and fix my visual pattern recognition. 

@samosale notice the edge case where it initiates a new pattern after solving the previous one and updating the score.
The score is updated after it highlights the YELLOW btn i.e. the YELLOW btn is highlighted before every pattern initiation. BUG?
abhisekp 23:36
@samosale btw, it's not so good to create a project using codepen.io
It's OK to share it using codepen but writing the whole project in it is not a good idea. Use http://jsbin.com or http://plnkr.co for creating these projs.
abhisekp 23:44
@samosale There must be some way that my pattern be saved locally and loaded next time I try to play it after reopening my browser. I can't afford to loose my pattern that I've memorized. 
abhisekp 00:01
@samosale It's very buggy now. So don't limit the retries just yet. I've retries many times due to lack of proper audio visual patterns sometimes. 
btw, there shud be a retry btn apart from the click on wrong COLORed buttons to retry.
abhisekp 00:11
@samosale I just hit 33

 It's 3:41 AM and this game is awesome!!  I  it
Now I'm done 
samosale 00:13

